hello beautiful people and welcome to the cult explorers I'm your Hostess Snappy and I'm joined as always by my
co-host Dion and today we have a special guest in the house Ammon from Lady
Babylon and we're soon to be joined by our good friend Neil he's just running a few minutes behind but today is a really
fun episode this is our 33rd episode that we've done together Dion and I and
we wanted to do something special we know that this particular number is a very occulted number it's connected to
eclipses and it's also connected to Jesus and a lot of this mythology that Ammon talks about that Neil talks about
and that we talk about here and recently we're doing our Deep dive into the
eclipse and that really kind of sparked your creativity a Dion and you really
wanted to dig down this thing so to start with you've kind of given us a presentation so I'm going to turn it
over to you and uh yeah you can begin well first we got to give a trigger warning in case we talk about piracy o
Ma's get ready because the season might get rough on this one um trigger warning
like I said so this is gonna get very violent and very sexual you know this is
not to be laughed at that warning and and since you guys are expecting some uh
numerology or gatria number 33 stuff um not too much into that but I do know in
this mythology that 33 ad at the 33rd
parallel at the age of 33 years old Emmanuel the Christ was crucified at a
solar eclipse there's some 33s for you in a set of threes and uh I want to talk
about the night before you know what happened the day before Oh The Last
Supper you know and and you know before that so they have a last
supper now you talked about the Last Supper other people in different videos
now this is called a triclinium and that's a Roman term
for it's like a u shaped with beds and they recline when they eat you can see the people are laying down and that was
the normal way to do it and so your last supper would look something like that with people reclining with some sheep
kins Little Pirates and up in the leftand corner you could see
is from a tomb and those were the called theop agape love
tables and they would put mattresses on that and these are in the
catacombs we talked about this with Ammon before you were telling us that you have text about the Christians hot
boxing these catacombs and having orgies with these feasts yeah down there in these little
things goer what what were you gonna say almond yeah no I was gonna say um yeah
with the getting in trouble with the Roman authorities that's what I like to find you know and you got to remember
that one of the big clashes that they've got right off the bat is the incest
right the incest is intolerable so in these agapy feasts they start to break them up and the Roman authorities do and
the charges are they're taking kids off the street and they're putting them um through sexual practices initiations the
Christians uh are doing this right it's not as if it's some Christians today like oh it's you
know a rogue priest but this is the practice right the the initiation involves sexual exposure so that's where
you see them legally getting into problems with the Romans because they're doing it between um mothers and sons and
that's no good for the Romans and um if you just want to believe the Bible instead of you know um any other source
Paul is writing about this is a problem right so Jude is writing about it we've
got to get these sexual practices cleaned up right so yeah the Last Supper
wow so they're at the Last Supper and it's pretty naughty where they take a different
eucharists we know that they have Wafers they take which people could say they're
suppositories we know that there's uh alabast which are medicated dildos
we know there's talk of snake Venoms there could have been several things in these cups you have to take a
cup at this Feast you know also all the accusations
of the drinking of corpse lure so this is a thing that you see in the Roman texts where they're actually barring you
can still see some of these these tombs that are barred to this day to prevent people from drinking the corpse liquor
and getting the drugs from these bodies after they had Kade so hey NE how's it
going good you good welcome to the stream just to catch you up Dion is giving us kind of his
brief presentation on his idea of Jesus as this pirate figure and then we're
going to kind of Riff on it from there and just to start we're opening up with the last supper and we're discussing the
agape love feasts which I'm which you know all about and you look at the Last Supper
you got to have a bed for the last supper that's part of the condition you know that's a big part of it the
trinium where you would lay down and feast so let's hit the next
pick that's the garden game I've been there oh yeah and and just to show you
it's it's an Olive Grove exactly what it is an Olive Grove because that's sacred and that's part of the ritual it's part
of the anointing with olives there's a ritual uh bath there um you have a
figure in the corner um which is supposed to be John with a cup of snakes
and you'll find that in a lot of Art and so these this is the uh moments
leading up to the crucifixion the day before you see that building in the background that's that those St those bricks yeah yeah that's a church that's
uh that's an orthodox church it's been there for a while I'm not sure when they built it but it's been it's pretty old
um but when you go inside you can see the they have big paintings of the scenes of the night he got arrested and
in one of the paintings there is a little boy with a little piece of clothing on running away oh glad you
said that because you told that part of the story for me so I didn't have to I actually had that in my in my camera
when I went to Israel it's in my collection of images that's amazing yep and so it's because of that
he gets arrested and then we have a crucifiction that takes place like I said 33 ad at the 33rd parallel somebody
was 33 years old in the saturnian right involving snakes snake venom and little
kids and there was like I said an eclipse and something went wrong you know and so people talk about
this in terms of piracy the Le days that the disciples were young boys and that
there was uh themes of them going around snatching boys and not for the church
but to sell them into slavery or to use in sexual rituals and so I was wondering
is there any context behind that in ancient times in ancient Rome you know
um or Greece like I wanted to ask you specifically Ammon is odys is a
pirate he's not technically l no um he if anything he's getting trafficked by
some Pirates like Cersei and Calypso did anybody notice that he's held prisoner
for most of the 10 years that he's you know doing his Journey yeah I think the
one of the things I wanted to say about that to answer um to say how do we get
into the meet um real I think the entry level is um the age of the Apostles the
entry level those are his ma Thai those are his students his pupils their age
would have been anywhere from 10 to 12 to late teens right these are kids and
these are kids that he is separating from their houses and their families they themselves admit to it Peter says
you know we left everything behind right Peter's not married don't let anybody tell you Peter is married the only the
evidence they use for that is the fact that he's got an in-law that makes him
seem more like he's a child he's young and he's living with his family but the right but the word that's used the the
word that's used for in-law is sister-in-law as well as mother-in-law so there's no proof that Peter ever
because she's never mentioned anywhere that she's got a wife Peter is one of the teenagers just like you know with
the youngest being John probably who's like 10 to 12 right who when he sits on
Jesus's lap comes up to the middle of his chest you know so the picture of
Jesus with adult male um Apostles is absolutely ludicrous and it does not fit
with the the picture that comes out of his own mouth when Jes when Jesus is
about to be arrested right the authorities are coming up and they've brought the big
Force he he they go to take him and he screams I'm not a lace right he's trying
he's denying from the very arrest he's denying that he's one of these one of
these things and what is that lay that lay very appropriately for the B Bible
is working with children in prostitution via drug using initiatory
Cults this is not just a business it's not just a criminal Enterprise you know
what I there are criminal Enterprises that are that's okay there are criminal Enterprises that
are centered around the operation of a mystery and that mystery initiation
involves the little kid getting drugged and you becoming a follower through
their initiation so it's uh you know yeah take it for what it is if you guys watched my
last video about dianis I showed the I I translated the homeric him to bakus and
I use that as my intro well in that text they use the term leace for for pirates
and sure enough this is this was mindblowing when I saw this dianis is depicted as a young boy ad Ence why are
they trying to abduct him if he's just a young boy in adolesence but get this even at the end the end of the when the
story's over dianis spares one person and it's one of their slaves who was a
young boy so these lay are keeping kids and this must have been a known thing in
the Greek world that they were doing this oh yeah 100% I was reading some of
Caesar's writing on Pirates and one thing that stood out to me is that when he's describing these Pirates a lot of
them are the children that are being trafficked right it's like a Child Soldier type scenario where they're
taking these kids indoctrinating them and then sending them out to go get other kids you got to think about how
much value how much value a young boy would have in the ancient world you can groom them into whatever you want make
them make them into a soldier make them into whatever it's like that's a lot of value for a pirate to to go come across
we got some numbers for you one out of three in the Roman Empire was a slave one out of five in the Roman provinces
was a slave and you needed these slaves so go to the next pick Snappy and I want to break down a little bit of the Roman
slavery in the Roman Empire oh well there you go there's Jesus on an
anchor um and part of it I want to get into you talked about Caesar in 75 BC
Caesar was kidnapped by C Sicilian it's a weird word to say Turkish pirates from
Tarsus where Paul was born and they kidnapped him and part of the thing was uh he was held hostage for for
ransom and he even uh talk he got mad at them and said you're charging too little for me you got to charge more than that
you know it's famous in the story so his people go get the money come back and he crucifies him and he had warned him I'm
gonna crucify you and he played their pirate games with them you know and the
piracy in that time was big you had the miotic wars with mithi if you know about
the person who would take the snake venom poison King yeah yeah poison King the yupiter well he worked with those
pirates and he sacked at delos let's hit the next pick I want to break this down real quick because this is your guys'
wheelhouse so we got Apollo and Artemis born on delos the Island's special there you
know at a certain point they purged all the dead bodies off the island purified it no one's allowed to give birth there
or have a death there you would have to go to to roads or to another Island um
and this became the biggest slave port in the world with up to 10,000 slaves a
day coming through this port tax-free Asylum as well with a Jewish edict
because they have a special synagogue there where it's not Yahweh but L Elon
is the inscription and as well they had a temples to ball Anubis the Heracles
cave l l Elon is a translation of theop hyos yeah yeah that's what that's what
on the wall that right there and and their synagogue there and so this is one of the places they were coming to so
what I did was I looked at all the pirate slave ports in the Mediterranean and some of the main ones were
Alexandria Ty torsus Philippi roads and
you type that in the AI and the word that comes out is Paul those are all the places that Paul goes to Paul the pirate
Saul paus and so let's hit the next pick um one of the versions they had there
was Apollo Mithra Helios an agami and later on the Pirates in the
Roman army adopted Mithra and the Pirates were into Mithra Big Time here's some symbols right there of Helios you
might see the swastika there and Apollo the sun you know and that Island was so
special delos the slave Island but it eventually got sacked and Tak out by
mythes took it out to get even with Rome because he knew that was the heart of their empire was the slave
trade and a lot of the slaves are coming from Judea all over you know hit the next
pick boom and one last myth on delos is the birth of Leto how Leto gives birth
to Apollo and emis under a palm tree which is the same thing with the Virgin Mary in the palm tree and in the Quran
with the palm tree as well as Buddha being born underneath the Salt
Tree and the him them having to touch the tree and so this Mythic pirate
saturnian stuff and you know mythra's father is Saturn and so just saying there's some
pirate uh mythology and Mithra stuff going on this connection with this ancient stuff so hit the next
pick boom so Paul Paul would go around to all these ports these little slave
ports there's a this is acts 20110 when the kids fell out the window what does
Paul have to do Paul has to go down and get on top of him the little boy you can go to the next pick here's a
representation of it that you'll see in art in the turn of century art yep that's him healing the young boy go to
the next one I'm going quick for you guys Elicia the prophet Elisha he has to
get down to the little boy put his mouth on the child's mouth lays on the little boy to heal him you know so I'm showing
there's a precedence of pirates slavery messing around with little boys and also
Paul born at torsus were this the capital of the cicilian Pirates was also
a tax report and had Asylum because of the money it generated through the slaves and that's where Paul were
talking about so let's hit the next pick also real quick I think that's a drug reference there he sneezes seven times
you sneeze when someone puts something in your nose oh so I think there's a lot of that going on in the Bible where
they're they'll make it look like like it's a miracle but they'll leave a little hint and say well this is actually a drug reference to some sort
of antidote insufflation they call it Neil insufflation um it's one Administration
route for drugs and Antiquity you can fumigate somebody in a in an enclosed
room right with just burning substances you can put something into their rect
them and get it right into their system that way they they do that um but another way they have is blowing
directly up the nostril so they have these little in insufflation tubes and you just blow it in whatever
plant it is mixed with whatever you want and it ends up um it's a drug route
Administration I want to know Furthermore with Paul to support your um
your findings uh Dion is why is it that he's immune to Viper Venom because the locals
when he shows up um and he's bit by a snake and the snake's hanging off of him
and it's a little one just like the little ones that Jesus goes to in the
Aron right remember when the Angels appear to Jesus when he's in the the the
void and he's there with the th on he's there with the little snakes the ones
that they have that Paul gets bitten by and he's immune it's a miracle Praise Jesus he's he's not he's not dead all
the locals were like oh that guy must have been a murderer because um he's gonna die now he's not going to get 10
steps he's gonna die they knew which one it was the bit of and he just brushes it off and it's no problem there's a reason
that Jesus told those Apostles remember they're kids there's a reason he told
them you can raise up serpents and if you drink the deadly drugs they won't
hurt you that's that's direct out of Mark that's that it's Central to
Christian if you are a Christian today let me challenge you if you are a Christian today and you are not involved
in using Venoms and in the rape of children you are not a true Christian
oh so only Pentecostal snake handlers are true
Christians you know you know who the true Christians were so valentinus and you can trace this back you can check
out the evidence there's a lot of different sources that say valentinus his student was Mages but
anyways Valentine is was a student of thus thus that's the girl that traveled
around the world with Paul he's he's he's literally two students away from Paul okay so what was valentineus why
was he so popular why was he almost he was second amount of votes for the high Bishop of the whole Roman Empire second
he lost to he lost to St eus or whatever his name is the the third Pope on the list or whatever anyways this guy was
doing Eucharist putting drugs in Eucharist and doing with drinking purple [__] it's in the sources so like you're
two away from Paul and you're still doing that [__] that's what real Christians were doing yeah pretty
Gnostic well you said right the purple's important because the purple was also part of the
trade it wasn't just boys it was purple as well um that was a signifier you
could see I mean even the Phoenicians were famous for kidnapping you know if you you left your your kids down by the
sea and The Phoenician boat was around you might just see it sailing away you know that was one thing I noticed too
Ammon I wanted to ask you about is I keep seeing these themes of these pirate Wars between the Romans and the
carthaginians they're both doing the piracy but they're accusing the other of doing it worse you know and they're both
worshiping Saturn they're both doing these blood sacrifices what's going on there yeah notice the sea power how
important it is in Mediterranean history I mean all of the oldest cultures I'm not talking about anything in the Levant
that stuff's brand new I'm talking about the old calal lithic stuff notice
they're all seafaring cultures the technology that really bursts through is
the seafaring um the capacity to trade goods yeah and the capacity to colonize and
this is a Bronze Age thing they're breaking through the the fact that we have the oldest um reference to an epic
is the Argon it's supposed to be the Voyage of the first ship yeah right now whether it was
or not let them dig them dig it up at the bottom of the Black Sea right they'll find stuff um but uh this first
ship what does this first ship do just ask yourself this one question and we're
out of myth now we're in history what is this first sailing vessel do it sails to
culus and abducts a teenage girl there you go there another example
of L yeah yeah J definitely be a pirate if odys isn't but Jason surely is that's
that's what that's what sparks off the Trojan War was Pirates stealing young women two of them getting trade back
into they they first it was media and then they went and in retaliation they went and captured Helen then the war
started they both that's how the war starts two two bad moves happen and then all of sudden it's a war and they also
got Europa don't forget Europa that's what got Cadmus involved and all that kind of stuff right all right th yeah
again again the fans remember they're developing the use
of the purple and the purple as Dion said is hand in hand with the right with
the child transforming or as you and I would say child rape ritual yeah yeah
yeah you know so you wonder where where did they get the boats from where could Jes Jesus get these boats in some of the
mythologies they'll say his father is a ship Builder a carpenter he works with wood he's building ships well Mary solom
may had a fleet of boats it says in the Bible she had more than one it says she was a woman of means a lot of them more
woman means even when Paul goes to Philippi with Lydia you know that's the
purple trade that's that's pirate that's a pirate for wait is a is a tekon just a
wood Builder or is that something else no it's i' I've seen it I've seen it
Neil and I think it's not just a wood worker but it's also a wood worker in
ships oh okay yeah yeah yeah makes sense that's amazing so Mary solom may had
boats um hit the next picture and it's important like we we point out Mary salame is the mother of the sons of
thunder which is John the Beloved and his twin brother James yeah so uh there's there's stories
of Jesus doing the ministry on the boat pulling up on the boat and you see some naked boys right there in the picture
those that's the crew right there you know and tell me this tell me this why
after he's crucified the disciples go back out fishing and they're naked on a
boat and he has to put on his clothes to jump into the water yeah you know they just crucified your Messiah but you want
to go get naked and go fishing by the way I just want to point this out if I don't know when this was made this
painted by by what school stuff I like the Jehovah right right but I'm say if they know anything about the ancient
world they would know that a sh a clean shaven face is represents a young boy so that that that could be intentional yeah
they're naked yeah you know he's clothed and because those colors represent that
no shaving back then you had to be like super rich to get a good razor yeah yeah when Alexander the prophet the false
prophet and remember he's a real historical guy that we have statues of and representations on coins he was
super super popular in the same area on the south side of the Black Sea he was
doing the Jesus thing and in doing the Jesus thing he he he came through it
himself as a boy and describes when he was just that kid on the edge of
ripening when he couldn't you know he didn't he only had peach fuzz on his chin that's when he was being sold now
he to he took it upon himself right and he made the transactions himself but he
grows up to be a lace and and um we're told now this is within a hundred years
is of Jesus himself living and doing his thing we have another guy who's saying
um this is what a lce day is and this is historically what they're like and what they do and if you notice that lay state
Alexander is doing exactly everything that Jesus does exactly but he has so
much power that he's able to have other provinces send him their best looking
boys their best looking kids and he makes it a rule as a lay stays never to
kiss any kid that's over 18 and it's just coincidence that they chose 18
right because they didn't have legal age you consent so oh
can we hit the next pick oh there's that purple right there that that's important
because uh it's like a drug it's like putting two drugs together you know you're compounding with with a young boy
or young girl and these drugs put together you're having chemical reactions that are fused
in Magic rituals that's where the purple comes from those snails right yeah yeah
we see this being practiced in throughout the ancient Bronze Age right in Phoenicia as well as in um Mia in cre
so you know it's ancient stuff yeah the it's from what I'm from what i' from what I know are the ones who' discovered
it the Phoenicians are the ones that trade it it's always exactly like wine it's similar to how we see the process
of wine like you were talking about they credit for all this [__] because they're they're the Traders like the alphabet
like who knows alphabet could have been if you look at the alph if you look at that Phoenician alphabet there's a lot of lot of the same symbols that you see
in Linear B so like what's going on there did it did they just invent this office or they use it based off Linear B
I don't know I'm just saying well the Phoenicians the Phoenicians don't forget pH the word phic phos in great just
means purple purple right yeah they're the purple people the purple traders that was even even in their tongue
Kanani means purple too so they like they kind of call unless like they call this is what this is how it works they
don't call themselves that they are okay with being called that but they would they would refer to themselves as
sidonians or tyrians whatever city they're from right are slave ports those are
pirate slave ports yeah you know hit the next
pick oh if you could say that word for me my French is not so good the mat
M you know that was an agreement amongst pairs of European sers met metage yeah
yeah and you'd be mates that's where you get the word mate aoy mate and you would agree to share your incomes and inher
your your partner's property you would fight for each other and there were homosexual unions that was promoted
amongst the Pirates and amongst the ships this is this is the formalized version later on as a term in France as
a legal term because you could go to court and fight and say well my partner died and I get half of the the uh the
Del bloom or whatever but this is also a Trope we see across um history especially and once
you get into the Catholic era where homosexuality is extraordinarily persecuted a lot of people run off to
become pirates in order to pursue their their that that you know their love you
know because on the international Seas is a different form of law yeah and you have something that's Maritime sea law
and that was law that came to together for All Ships to trade and come together you had to have a uniform yeah because
you're not going you're not going to a courtroom to decide on issues you decide in the se you got to decide there so
it's a different it's a it's a free world yeah I know I almost feel I'm
almost I almost get jealous when I think about it like I wish this is a world we had right now I'm just kidding well no
but it's this interesting thing when you study the Pirates across history you see that they're the best of us and the
worst of us right you know in the Caribbean they're starting these free Democratic societies that have
constitutions you know at the same time they're running around trafficking people but you know what they were doing
they're looking back at the last sea fairing uh civilization which was the Greeks what did how did the Greeks
figure this [__] out they had all these islands everywhere how do they keep it together oh constitutional republics
democracy Senate oh okay that's what let's try that for it's the first hasn't
hasn't been tried in 2,000 years let's do it and then they brought it back that's what they were
doing you know what if I can change direction a little bit what is the uh
what but I totally agree what um I would just call it Neil civilization right
that's how they looked at it the Greeks of the time and the Romans that was the civilization and the dark Forces of
Christianity tore that down tore down that Civilization we didn't get
democracy back until good old you know Tom J and all those guys finally said hey let's bring this old thing back what
do you do though with that thran pirate guys what do you what do you do with the thian pirate who puts the boy to sleep
with his drugs and then um cuts off his testicles and turns him into his
dionisis what I mean it's it's a tradition um uh what is that all about
what is that is it is it just straight up pedophilia or is it um some kind of
maturation R what is the significance of this castration stuff I mean you know so
this is something that's personal to me as a transperson and I've gone deep looking into these kinds of castration
rights across history and I think what we're seeing is a later tradition based off of a much earlier Bronze Age
feminine right that would be done between mother and child and it would be a child at a young age who would have
presented themselves as trans and then went through that initiation you know and this is where you get you're at a
story you know but it's also important like people like Julian talk about it is that it it's it's a literal ritual that
happens for some but it's also a philosophical mental thing that happens for others within the rights of dionisis
they talk about this in order to experience the all you have to become the feminine this is where you get that
dominant figure of like tyresius who's who lives as a woman and also is a bir
at at a time you know so it's like it's all about rehealing that kind of wound returning back to that Fon character you
know before the separation you know he did that gender switching uh uh Snappy
he did it through the um serpent right right that's how they're that's how
they're doing all the gender switching so there's this thing about gender switching and kind of it's they almost
look at it as education they use the same terms that you would use for
education so it's like a you know it's it's almost like that pirate or that lace that trafficker is involved in a
system that ultimately takes a boy that's abandoned and gives that boy a
female perspective and an education and it's you say it's no wonder that Phillip
the Apostle of Jesus Christ um was walking around with um young girls who
had transitioned who he had transformed in the acts of Philip it says into into
boys well this is what I think okay um I think that we have all of these drugs a
lot of this psychedelia a lot of this all of it is coming out of these feminine rights and it begins as a way
to deal with um period issues hormonal issues and pregnancy which is killing
most women in the in at this time you know and so all of these rights are coming out of this Prim like out of this
kind of good reasoning but what happens is like what happens if you develop a drug that can transition someone into a
female in a literal sense of course abusive horrific especially at this time
where there are no overarching laws of course abusive people are going to take advantage of this to traffic people you
know it's it's it's a natural outpouring it's like um it's disgusting and shocking but it doesn't mean the drugs
and the rights as they originally were practiced were were wrong or evil you know because I think they're coming out
of this reality that trans people exist and trans people are suffering and you
know that these women who are looking at their trans children are not going to abandon them they're going to try to
help them you know live that life and we see this time and time again with a lot of these shamanistic cultures where
trans people non-binary people or B gendered people are usually the Priestly
cast people you know and this is true of a lot of premodern civilizations across
the world right and that's why they have the gynomorph the Greeks worship the form that is um masculine transitioned
to feminine and they worship that form and then what um would be the polar
opposite I guess hormonally biologically is the woman who has the
full the um who has the full penis and the original statues of Aphrodite and
Prof this is hilarious because professors look at these and scratch their head oh let's not talk about those
right the oldest statues of Aphrodite they have a large erect penis and you know people look at them
and they're um guess what they're talking about transitioning in Antiquity
it but it's within a religious context so that somebody who is transitioning
they enter into it voluntarily um and they go through a process that starts with their
emasculation for boys and then a drug regimen that transforms them into this
dionysiac um revered and worshiped uh individual right and then they have the
class that's they have the gynomorph and then they have the class of the Divine
Incarnation what is the Divine Incarnation it's both it's hermaphroditic
right yeah exactly hermaphrodites were worshiped and in Antiquity with both the
Greeks and the Romans yeah the birth the birth of a hermaphrodite would be interpreted as
some kind of hugely significant um sign of the ages something was going to
happen somebody you see this so much in a lot of the oric text like I just keep thinking about Lucifer and and or or
Apollo and emis right one is the masculine female one is the feminine
male and they're they're mirrors of each other right they there's that taboo love
of incest that we see also there's like you know and then they relate back to the Fones in a lot of these witchcraft
Traditions like in Aradia they talk about how Diana is ripped into two and she becomes both Artemis and um and
Lucifer or Apollo you know so there's all of this weird kind of gender play and I think a lot of it has to do with
this mystery of experiencing of the all and this deep understanding and we also
see like it's important the Greeks don't talk about it as much in their texts but we do see the reverse side when they
look at the skians we see skythian women going through a transition they're
they're transforming themselves into these giant Warriors and they're even wearing beards like we had that one um
Warrior who was duing up it was a 17 or 18yearold girl who's over six feet tall
and wearing a fake beard and buried like an like a king you know
so Egypt Egyptian uh Queens did the same
too they did what was going on in Egypt I think it's either Nefertiti or nefari
one of those two was um presenting herself as a man when she came out to visit the public she had a beard she had
a fake beard and dressed in men's Garb and they treated her as a regular
pharaoh like any other male Pharaoh so if you'd like to know a little more about that
um some of the Beards were goat beards that they would attach because of the
goat collecting the mastic the incense the sacred incense
and you got the flail that the Pharaohs hold the crook and the fail yeah and we
did an episode on how the the goats and the goats would collect in the fields through that to that plant makes sense
and then they would cut off the that and they would attach it and it's like a sacred beard of incense and so it had
multiple connotations and that is it has the sacred incense it has the goat energy as
well yeah it's fasina you know and a lot of this I think is also going to these
premodern stuff too like we see all of this reflection with um you know like
these ancient primitive peoples like the Greeks are always reacting to the people around around them and they're
describing all of these piratic cultures you know these people who if you land on
their Islands the people will rip you apart like there's the Mad women in the
north there's the ski skians on the crimeans there's the Giants the cyclopses like there's hundreds
seemingly of these groups of these weird tribal peoples that practice these cannibal piratic kind of things what's
going on there Neil was just talking about Neil tell him about post Sedonas
with the women on that island yeah so they with their babies this is a crazy
story because all the way somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean he doesn't he doesn't like specify I think it's somewhere near
France or Britain because the reason why I think there's a lot of islands over there a lot of small Islands we think of
like we see you see the map and you see England and you see Ireland but you don't see those little tiny islands and they're big enough to have a little town
there right the there's a lot of those there's like thousands of those anyway
one of those islands who knows where it could be a it's like picking a needle out of the hay stack one of those
islands had a tribe of Amazonian type women who only worship bakus nothing
else only dianis and they would so they would it was all women so you're thinking how
does how the hell is that even possible how do you have a only women living there when there's no men to make more babies well he tells you how they do it
the The Virgins get sent to the mainland per probably Gul or something and they
would find a man to get her pregnant then they she go back and then when they had a child if it was a boy they would
rip it apart in a in in a ritual diania Eva Eva yak yak rip it apart eat it and
then if it was a woman they raised it up as their own that's how you get an all female matriarchal
society wow it's intense there's so much crazy like that's world is the ancient
world is like a movie right well we we forget right like I also think about like the Cyclops and the Griffins who
are described In Perpetual Warfare over the this some kind of sacred treasure
you know like there's all of these weird tribal type groups that are this
mysterious you know it's really interesting to think about but going back to to to to Jesus and this this
piracy like just watching your video on dionisis you know where it's clearly um
these piratic rights are associated with The Cult of dionisis and orus Diana and
Lucifer um but you see like look like just listen to your video and everything
like how Jesus is dionis you know oh yeah and it's so blatant like you could
go through the whole Bible and half of the stories are taken from other texts like the baky you know like is is Peter
just pantheus or you know like there's a lot of weird parallels you know this so
Me Myself and not just me there's a a Harvard scholar Dennis McDonald he's
been shouting out the rooftops his entire all the classicists are hearing him what he only it's like he's a
classicist now he just went from being a Bible scholar to a class he's been telling these Bible scholars if you say
I am the True Vine that is dionan you cannot say that everyone in the ancient
if you're walking around the first century and sayi am the True Vine that's like saying I that's like saying I am
the sky father that's Jupiter you don't say that's literally Dian Isis the True Vine means the word bakus means
Vine like you can't just say that so di Dennis McDonald's basically saying look
he's trying to Dethrone dianis as the this this God's son dionis is known as
the best God son there is next to Apollo maybe him them two are probably equal at it or I mean Heracles is kind of
important too but dianis and Apollo are God's son everyone knows it they are the princes of Heaven they are the princes
and so Jesus trying to be God's son is trying to be dionan you know what it is is sorry H go
ahead Ammon no I'm sorry Snappy even more than that I'll just add um he's
he's the Divine son who dies and resurrects um yeah no it checks all the
boxes ding of the things that that I studied in University was the the formation of new religious movements
through the hybridization of cultural ideas okay you know you don't ever see
new religious movements pop out of nothing you know rosta fari is a reaction to Christianity and the black
power movement yet it becomes something distinct and of its own you know so it's
like this is how new religious movements form they react to the spiritual
cultures in which they exist and if dianis is the most popular deity or at least one of the most popular deities
why wouldn't the Christians invert this and as Ammon always points out in his videos Homer is what understanding Homer
is what it means to be educated at this time to have Homer memorized it's like what we see with the Quran in the
ancient in the modern world among Muslims you know people are reciting this daily and they're using it for all
sorts of things like you'll see Carpenters who will will use Homer and
parts of Homer to help them remember things about their work and this is a normal thing like the myths take on
because they're so memorized and they're so recited they take on this important cultural role of Mimis and memorizing
Homer's like the ancient form of the internet if you had access to a homer scroll or or papy or some sort of like
um skin that had the text on it you had that that's like having the internet back then because Homer has so much
information about Geography about rights about different gods it's all packed in
there it's it's all the information in the ancient world is you could find it in Homer he tells you about the pans he tells you about the Minoans he it's all
in it's all in Homer like Homer the way he wrote Such a genius way it's this poetic way of talking about things that
are actually going on weaving it into a story into a coherent brilliant story it's amazing
it's also it's like it's important that we understand how these ancients though are utilizing these texts these texts
are so Central to their entire understanding of everything around them
right like yeah we still do this to our Modern Day stories are essential to how
we perceive the world well this was the story this was it you know and we can
see like like all of these different communities are looking at Homer and are
reinterpreting it through their own lens to use it in a variety of different ways it becomes work songs become you know it
becomes en coding of math coding of so much knowledge it's not just a religious
text it's how they transferred culture and and history you know there's even
medicine and Magic that come from Homer and the the magic books that we have or
papiery that we have um use Homer for the uh performance of the sores so their
oracular science um will use actual verses from Homer that shows you how
Central what you're saying is exactly right Snapp and it's like it's not just the Greeks we see this with that like
all cultures of this time period have these kind of centralized myths that they're utilizing in this different way
right like there's their literal meaning there's the metaphoric meaning then there's the extended metaphoric meaning
that has to do with these secret societies and different groups and all of these different groups are used this
text because everyone memorizes it and we don't we're not writing things down
as easily you know so yeah makes sense and you have to
protect those cult activities through those language codes that they have and
um that's a whole big branch of um kind of esoteric ancient esoteric knowledge is
what are the codes that are invol what are the Seals that they're putting on stuff what do they mean when they say they're seal they're sealing a scroll right that just
immediately comes to mind is one of my favorite uh orphic Vox phrases that we
see in the Bible which is the ears to hear yeah you know like anyone who
understands Classics it's going to immediately recognize that as an orphic phrase why is that coming out of the
mouth of Jesus you know yeah or the those golden those Golden Leaf tablets
they found those orphic texts it says with with those ears to hear come enter those who don't get out right very it's
very it's not even similar it's the same thing it's they're saying the same exact thing Jesus is saying the same thing in
the beginning of Mark he's doing I'm saying these things so that some of you will hear and you know he's it's not for
everyone right Jesus is open op is openly using Code I've always wonder why
people don't give a anything about this why they don't care about this Jesus is a guy with children apost Muses who
constantly talks in code about cult activity that involves
drug use and child prostitution and he's looking over his shoulder did you ever notice how Jesus is looking over his
shoulder every five minutes and going they're on to me they're on Me Do you ever notice in his ministry as soon as
he gets his ministry started he's going from one place to another running from groups who want to kill him or want to
worship him one of the two the last guy who was in his position got his head cut
off remember right John the Baptist you know and he also had these same kind of
sexual accusations made against him you know it's it's it's not coming out of
nowhere and John the Baptist in infers in nature the diic John the
Baptist what's up no I was just I was just looking at a I was just looking at a passage on him today with a student
we're reading Mark together just because it's super easy and he's he's talking
about um John and his special place and what is hilarious is he uses the term
people think it's um Jesus um was
baptized by John they had the whole meeting he's baptized when he comes out of the water he sees heaven uranos open
and the spirit descend like a dove and that process compels him into the Aron Into
the Wilderness and what's funny is Mark himself the author whoever the author is
of this right if he's Mark or not I don't give I don't care yeah I don't care either I just but who whoever wrote
it distinguished that expression into the Wilderness from an actual desert
where Jesus traveled he distinguishes it w with a demonstrative to uh um he uses
the word the noun topos he says this time he goes to a topos an actual place
that is an Aron Jesus is in this psychological Aron talking to the devil
about what casting out demons and as soon as he's done with it and started
started his uh Ministry people are coming to him saying look look look look look he's he's eating with the hamaro
right he's he's eating with the The Pimps who were involved in harvesting tax right when people say oh Matthew was
a tax gatherer right he a tax collector right a telones right
what what do you think that was you think he worked for the state no he worked for businesses
namely namely the prostitution business that's being run by the homoy right or
for the homoy and those people have to to be taxed right it's a whole when you
purchase a a an underage prostitute from Jesus's Den in Antiquity um you got to
pay a tax on it right right right just just the way it is when they say tax
collector that's what they're talking about they're talking about people who take a percentage of goods and
services yeah and people don't realize that it it's you know mainstream piracy
people well there is one exception when you go to Tarsus the birthplace of Paul
it's a taxfree report and you could sell young boys and and children there for
taxfree I mean so you get wait a minute so you get a break right you get a break there
right but with in in Judea in Judea at the time when Jesus
walks by the table and he says Matthew's there he's like good get over here Levi
they call him one get get over here you realize that guy is a tax collector in
this industry and when he recognizes the authority of Jesus and follows him and
it doesn't mean follow people think it's oh I've been saved that I'm gonna follow Jesus no it doesn't it means he's still
a tax collector but he's working with Jesus it's aalo in Greek he's working as
a slave for Jesus who's big p daddy with his boys yeah
yeah it seems to make sense by the way John the Baptist everyone wants to uh
assume that he's being drawn from Elijah and that's fine because you know they call him the new Elijah in the text and
they even Elijah also is the guy in the wilderness blah blah blah blah blah but
then there's the baptism aspect and the you know him wearing the the animal skins and doing baptisms in the desert
or in the wilderness that is that is that is almost exactly what we see with these Baptists calls all over Greece
these worshippers of dionis and kotus they call themselves Baptists and they wear animal skins so there's two
elements there with with with John and and by the way Elijah might even be earlier than that doing that same
drawing from those Baptists so that might be why he's so much like Elijah and the
Baptist let's not forget that Elijah is later Elijah's not written there's no text about Elijah from 600 that's like
four 400 300 BC that's it that's not Elijah's not that old oh wait wait can I
can I burst I'm sorry I'll shut up after this but this is so apropo in the in the beginning of
Mark in the beginning of Mark the first thing he opens up with is a quote and he
quotes Isaiah do he quotes Isaiah directly word for word from the
now if you have if you believe the the judeo-christian myth what you think is
that Mark the mark the writer of the Gospel is quoting because his native
language is either Aramaic or Hebrew they argue back and forth what what they think it wasn't it was Greek it was but
here's what they think he was speaking Aramaic he's quoting Greek from a Hebrew
text right it's not true but when he quotes the Hebrew text and writes it in
Greek he writes it exactly like the sep let me one up you let me one up you real
quick every time in the New Testament whether it's in any gospel or in an epistle or in Revelation wherever
anytime there's a quote from the Tanakh or from the prophets every 100% it's
from the septu agent never do they ever call off the septu agent
I just wanted to point out too that this image of Elijah this this idea of the wild man in the woods who's who's gone
off to go live a life of kind of like monasticism in pursuit of divinity this
is a Trope we see all over the place right you have all of the wild men of Europe you have a Shiva and the various
even earlier Proto shivas that we see in Hara you know so to me like when I see
like wild man in the wilderness doing sex rights and drugs like like that that
that yeah that's what John is and also we know like in that area is H in and
some Scholars have pointed out that Mary Salam is connected to this is the is the cult of Heracles but specifically it's
the uh what's that version Dion we did a video on this a while back it was uh it's not just Heracles but uh melart
melart Heracles and by the way melart well I was talking about the palm tree
myth that's in the Quran and at delos with Leto and also with Mary in the
Bible milart remember he finds that Island out there with the Olive Tree
that's moving around and that's it deals with the purple The Olive Tree in the island of milar that's a whole aspect of
that Magic Tree you know the phix in Greek the phix um is the way of
referring to a palm tree I don't know if that's I don't know if that's related or not to be honest but I I think it also
has to do with this image of the winnowing fan too that we see and in in Odus and also like of the sale what's
going on with this because there's the cross of the sail that odys is hung on and then when he sees tyresius he sees
the same image but tyresius tells him it's not a cross it's a winnowing fan that he has to go Inland to find this
cross and that's the cross marks where the drugs are and then he finds the fan
crossed in the ground you know so there's some we weird stuff going on with this image of the cross that well
well predates Christ he's a total wizard too people don't realize that odsis is a
total wizard the first time we see him he's out looking for the bow poison the arrow poison because that's the thing
people don't realize that um when we're saying the purple we're talking about a
compound that is using this DMT containing um purple dive that is used
in the trade but the burning purple is a version of that that contains these
Arrow poisons that odius is looking for from the very beginning and the dude odius goes to says no no way man this
stuff is way too potent for you right this is odys that he's talking to when
Jason comes to media on that first ship when he gets there to do his pirate
thing and abduct her he's it says specifically um
that he has a knowledge of drugs that although is not as good as medas is good
compared to the rest of the world those thesans he's a thesan those people were
you know palasi and Offspring and they were supposed to have a knowledge of the drugs right everybody says all the
witches come from thessaly right the the the phrase in Antiquity a thesan woman
was the way they said a thesan witch and that's like the flyover country between
Macedonia and Athens so and there's also this weird stuff like I've even seen
coins with odys like this his arm stretched across the masts on his boat
in a crucifixion pose like you know like to think that like all of the Christian
imagery is coming from earlier sources you know they're just inverting I'm not
saying that Christianity is not an original idea but I'm saying that like all cultural ideas is it comes out of
the cultural framework in which it exists and plays with the images that are at its disposal you know
yeah I thought that was brilliant Dion what you said with the trinium and kind
of looking at the at the dining and the feasting because it does become a
sticking issue of Scandal in Gospel of Mark they are asking him why are you
reclining why are you laying down with all of these um prostitutes and you know
you you've got your pimp there you got your tax pimp there and you know what's
going on and it's not just Matthew he's hanging around with by the way it says telon it's plural right he's got
numerous people from you know within the culture of the child trade or what we're
calling Pirates yeah he they could you know they I just don't understand tell
me why it is with everything that you just laid out Dion why is it that we
can't see um what Jesus was actually doing I mean you know why what where is
it programming is it just years and years and years of a false narrative
what yep and that works with every religion because that's why people would do Jihad in Islamic countries because
they they they believe in virgins and going to a magical place the story is so
thick that's why it has to start with children that's why this is a children's story we're telling you know it's about
indoctrinating when you're a child so you can believe that that's why the numbers are declining in in a lot of
religions because people don't believe it as adults you have to be IND doated as a child to believe it yeah that's a
big Point that's a really big point you know so I think that's a big part of it you know and the other part of it why
you can't see all this stuff is because the word love because there's an aspect
of love in the story and we we all want and believe in some type of love that we
want to share and can heal so we think ah well I don't want to really know
about that stuff there's the love and so you put the blinders on and
then it's also this one thing we see with a lot of these religions that survive the test of time are these
stories of persecution okay these shared stories of A persecuted idea you know
when you really go after someone and you try to destroy something that they believe in they almost always double
down on it and people love those kinds of stories of Oppression of overcoming Mar you notice like you know
it blows my mind that the Christians in America who are the vast majority in
control of everything still paint themselves always as the Eternal victim
always everyone is out to get them everyone's legislating against them which is couldn't be further from the
truth you know but it suits that narrative it allows them to maintain
their their their vision of reality it's all about these stories you know stories of
control and you've talked about this a lot on your channel Neil is it it goes back a lot to Plato and this idea this
Noble lie right taking the the people who are ignorant who can't understand
things and just telling them a good story so that you can keep them under your thumb you know yeah I don't blame
Plato exactly but he Sparks this idea you know I do I do I think I think he's
the reason why we have a judeo-christian world because he he says it right in his right in his own text in book three he
obviously uses Socrates to do it but that's not Socrates saying Socrates is not dog he doesn't care about nothing he
just cares about engaging in reasonable discussions and having two opposite
sides duke it out he loves that he loves that that that that debate but Plato is
saying that Homer needs to be replaced with a better better find myth that that
children can grow up in that will uh shape them into better people that are
and and they'll they'll they'll they'll be subservient to their higher philosopher king and all the stuff that
he's saying is like lines up with what judeo Christianity wants you want Pope on top you have his Bishops underneath
they're they're controlling the noble lies and then underneath that is a bunch of indoctrinated children doing as
they're told and being told if you're a good boy you go to heaven if you're bad you go to hell Homer like that
Homer not a philosopher king right yeah exactly it's the philosopher king and and then you see how he's objectively
wrong now that we've had enough time to see which world was better the world of Homer in the world of Plato we know that
he was wrong PL whatever Homer did to shape the world with these myths and and
people people and nii talks about this too it's the dionan aspect the tragedy
because life is not just all good and peaches and and cream and everything's good you're going to live this world
life and go to heaven and that's the end of it no life is tragic there's there there are there's there's Darkness and
Light there's two sides of this thing and to have to not have one side of that is detrimental to a
iety exactly right and the Christians they do this in more than one ways they ex they remove the feminine they remove
the black everything is all peace love and forgiveness that's not reality that's not reality and the Ancients were
totally invested right they believe in the myth of eternal life there is no eternal life everything must die and be
reborn and reassembled to live is to die these are these are two mirrored images in the Pagan world right everything is
seen in these mirrored images and like the Christians have the or and through Plato totally subverted that but what I
see in the philosophical world is we have first is you got heraclitus and
heraclitus causes the original doubt he is able to prove that only change is
real and after this everyone freaks out this leads to Socrates who takes it a step further and he applies that to
dialogue where he presses uncertainty he challenges everyone who says they know
truth or certainty that's his main point is to point out that only change is
certain and as soon as you extend things into time anything that you profess a certain falls apart you know because if
you go back too far or you think too far ahead it doesn't apply anymore you know but the problem is is then Plato is
building off of this what do we do now that our foundation has been racked that truth has been proven to be an
impossibility you know we can't understand the totality they call it the incomprehensibility exactly what do we
do with that and Plato solution is well only some of us can understand and can
deal with the tragedy of incomprehensibility right and we need to lie to people whereas
Homer everyone else yeah exactly we need to embrace the tragedy of life we need to embrace the uncertainty we need to be
challenged by this and accept our limitations that's the Pagan world you
know accept them and try to overcome them through the extension of ourselves right whereas a Chans want to stick
their head in the sand anyway s well no you made a really good point there because in the in the Pagan sense and
I'm only using Pagan as like a I'm looking at how the Christians would call them they're all different they're not
we're all pagans no there's there's dionan Cults there's uh Aphrodite like there's different temples everywhere
they're just people free living by the way so whatever I'm going to call them Pagan for now in the Pagan sense you're
a part of nature you're in it you're one of the you're one of these cogs of nature that are part of this Grand thing
but in Christianity sense you you you literally take apart take yourself out of that and you become above it you
become there's a separation separate thing from everything else world is evil you're Divine world is evil you're saved
and I don't that that that that's sets up a really disastrous setting to live
in the fundamental end goal of Christianity is the establishment of a
total hierarchy that exists unchanging through all time who benefits from a
total unchanging hierarchy only those on the top the rest of us are perpetually on the bottom you know and then they
have all these creepy myths like only a hundred and some thousand get to rule over the rest of us and Lord it over but
that's really what they want and this is you see this throughout all of the abrahamic religions to stop the Cycles
to stop death like they're totally devoid of nature it's a war against nature right when I first read the Greek
alexand real quick when I first read the Greek Alexander romance and I they talk about how I don't know actually I think
it was Aryan not the Greek Alexander romance that Aryan when he wrote about Alexander yeah it is Aryan never mind
when aryion said that uh Alexander stomped out every single fire temple zoroastrian Fire temple that he came
across on his travels and wanted to like extinguish that religion my first response was wow that's kind of that's
kind of rough like why was he but now I sort of sort of under I'm like I'm not saying I would do that but like in a
weird way I'm like I see why he was doing that he saw this he saw this
monotheistic religion as something that's just going to be terrible for everything and he wanted to end it he he
was pretty rough about it to be honest but I'm just saying like I kind of get what he was doing if you can put somebody through a
series of um initiatory events that include drugs um
exercise um physical things happening to your body um and you can allow them to
see death and then bring them back to life if you can take them beyond what
what is death um you can raise them to a level that they can never be a
monotheist right it's the whole idea of the mystery religions is that you were
born into a new understanding that you have right you finally know yourself and
like Cicero can say yeah everybody's got to do this once it's a if you think about it the oracular Mysteries were
established to prevent this kind of corruption this monatic Corruption of
the system which does somehow degenerate into the individual and the individual's
entitlement and where you go from there is is the loss of civilization um if you it's kind of
weird to think about Christianity as being the focus of entitlement but if
you are the one who follows the one God who has the one power and you're going to the one Heaven
there's nothing more entitled than that you power it's powerful yeah you can persecute anybody else you want doesn't
matter if they're gender switchers doesn't matter if they're from the North or from the south it doesn't matter you
can persecute anyone Manifest Destiny they call it it's their it's we're the We're The Chosen chosen save saved ones
under Christ and we're going to go into this new land and we're just going to take it all the resources and they can
either get baptized or die and they had they really felt that was the way they really thought that and and like you're
demonic in wicked and evil Hellbound if you're not one of us that's a really
it's you like to wrap your head around how atrocious that is for a society to
think like that it's mindblowing think about it this way we're just talking about Socrates this is one of the most
celebrated figures in all of Greco Roman history okay
he is well known as a huge pot smoker a lazy lout who doesn't work you know and
also for being possessed by a demon who he talks to on the regular okay in the
RO in the Greek and Roman worlds these are facts are celebrated about the man celebrated like diogenes too okay great
diogenes too right in the Christian world this guy is the absolute evil right they take possession they like
they saw Socrates as somewhat special he went through this traumatic War experience but came out possessed you
know everyone wanted a Dione you know and now under the Christian rule being
possessed is literally the worst thing that can happen to you and we have to go out and abuse orphan children to prevent
them from turning into oracles whoa Zen zenfon said that Socrates would just be in the corner
looking up at the wall just talking like a normal conversation like he had a Dame on and he was it was for real like he
was seeing something and he this is the smartest man who ever lived this is the
ideal person that we're all supposed to strive after the scientific method is based off Socratic method the potm
smoking guy who sat around in the marketplace telling everyone they didn't know [__]
okay that's that's Socrates you know whose wife is constantly like we're on the verge of bankruptcy can't you get a
job can't you get some of these young students give you some of their money they all say that you're so great why
isn't that turning into money for us and he ends up he ends up getting in trouble for corrupting those youth you know and
introducing New Gods but despite that the Oracle which is their Pinnacle the
Bronze Age Pinnacle I mean oracles ultimately produce the museum and um
everything that we have that comes from the University from that um these oracles were wise enough right to to be
able to say hey this guy who says he doesn't know he's the smartest one of
you idiots yeah I mean those those women that ruled that we don't even appreciate
our our um feminist Scholars tell us they never existed don't pay attention
to this feminine power we're all oppressed all that stupid 60s ideology
that bled into the scholarship and bled into the everything from Biblical
scholarship to Classics and I tell you what if I hear one more paper if I were
hear one more paper about the oppression of women I'm gonna say do you recognize
that odius is one two three how many women slave is he how how many women
he's crying in the first scene he's on the beach crying cuz please let me go
you turned all my men into slaves right you drug them all and turn them slaves please help us and she's like no no baby
right you got to come to me first right and she gets out of him what she wants and then ultimately releases him right
right but wait a minute women had no women had no power in Antiquity right no
don't believe the academics they're pulling a reputation and a product that's it or look at Olympus having
power over her own captors when they tried to capture her after the Civil War broke out she had power like there's
women that had insane amounts of power in the ancient world this has always been a Trope where we underestimate you
know you know here's the thing is that there's a lot of people who are trafficked and treated like property in
the ancient world and there's a lot of extreme oppression and violence we're not saying that but that doesn't mean
that women aren't able to rise especially smart and Powerful women aren't able to rise to positions of
authority and power right like the Oracle at Deli right this is the
most important person in the Mediterranean world for how long like
6,000 years like what you know and what and you're going to tell me that this is just some illiterate teenager what about
all the women behind her who's running the temple you're right teaching all of the writing of the languages right like
we hear all of this stuff like you have to read between the lines you know well
you know I'm um once again I'm going to bring up the word torsus where Paul's from and the and the Pirates yeah that's
where Cleopatra pulled up in a boat yeah and Mark anony had to go out there on the boat and talk to her she you know
and they call that today there in Turkey the Cleopatra Gates they say that's where she pulled up and well she was she
they had the she had control over that whole entire region of the world and that that's where Mark Anthony
really rose up as he called himself an emperor he called himself imperator Mark Anthony he wasn't he was really
technically he kind of was the first real emperor of the Roman Empire and he could if he if he didn't
if he would have won the war against an Octavian he really would have been the big but like he called him he styled
himself as the imperator and then he all those lands in the East turkey Judea
Syria Egypt that was all Cleopatra's they call them the donations of Cleopatra and she set up her sons the
children she had Mark Anthony as Kings and Queens over all those lands that's how it was they they set up an Empire
over there oh yeah and and it started when he stepped on the
boat yep you know and it's it's also have a famous painting about that too where they show Mark Anthony walking over to the boat Cleopatra in this
amazing glorious boat with like purple robes and golden stuff all and this dude
it was you're right that was a very that's like a caesar Crossing the Rubicon scene right there that's a
historical event I always think too like if we look at Babylon and we look at a lot of the writings about Babylon like
uh in the Syrian goddess with Lucien he's talking about samaris building these massive walls and being this
extraordinarily powerful Queen ruling through her children having thousands of Unix making statues of herself depicted
as Venus as a starte you know and then also they talk about all of these
powerful women who are basically like it really reminds me of some of these women you see today who are powerful through
only fans and whatnot but they talk about these women who have all these men giving them gifts just cuz they're
beautiful and they have independent households and they're not married they just have hundreds of suitors the C look
at the civilist they're they're these these women are writing texts that become foundational Christian
texts and there's like there's sybles all over the all over the Roman Empire even outside of the Roman Empire you
have symbols makes me wonder too about what um the power Dynamic was um that you
could get I mean think about that island that posidonius writes about that Neil was talking about yeah I mean okay so
they come to the mainland and we know they may be connected to the amazonians or at least to the tribes that around
the Black Sea so they're going to have the same Customs which means their women
are killers right when when you only have women in your Society your military has to be women and you know they have
rules about how many women you gotta how many men you got to kill before you can have a child it makes me wonder in these
civilizations if I'm a dude walking around in Antiquity and here come the Raiders right here come the raiding
women um from the the island right okay so they're gonna eat your baby if it's
if it's masculine okay it's their custom right what you got to think why would
you you know we kind of we flew by that one a little too fast why would you be
eating right you guys all hear the bakic um the bakic uh procession here these
Meads are tearing apart pentheus right they're tearing apart their own children
and people say well this they couldn't have done this the oh it's terrible and the Greeks are like well we don't do
that anymore but um what about these women if I'm a dude walking around Antiquity and I see these women if I'm
not associated with some kind of town or guard or something I'm liable to get killed by
him or raped by him and then killed maybe um but how do we how do we as
moderns look back on that society and have the guts to say the ancient world
was a place where women were not respected and they were for forced to stay at home you shut up you have no
idea what you're talking about it just to give some of these feminists a slight pass we have to remember we're on the
other side of the greatest genocide in human history that was conducted by the Christians where they removed women from
society and instituted these patriarchal Frameworks which dominate cultures everywhere today and we have to talk
like I was just reading a book about the about the witch trials and the persecution of witches directly led to
the black plague because they killed all the cats and they killed all the practitioners of
medicine that's what happened you know there's a direct correlation to these kinds of violent there was such loss why
do you think that when somebody's being um unfairly attacked by someone they call it a wit it's a Witch Hunt they're
after me it's a Witch Hunt the reason why is because that's what they were doing they were singling out regular pag
Pagan women that were not doing anything wrong calling them witches putting them on trial killing them Witch Hunt you
know and it's like the problem is is that it's you know there had to be this feminist movement that had to set a lot
of the records straight and to explore a lot of this stuff but it's become you know corrupted in and of its own self
you know it's starting to be too much about an ideology and less about trying to uncover the actual truth you know but
it is a necessary reaction to extreme violence and oppression and these ideas
are still needed today and are continuing to evolve and adapt and get better you know not every single you
know like Ammon you brought up that one scholar there um but her book her work
is actually pretty good in other regards you know you know what I mean like when it comes to the Roman she she's kind of
a mix I'm trying to remember her name but she's she's well known her work on Roman religions is a f
phenomenal exactly yeah no no that well the reason
why I like that TCH there's a two book Source book that's called Roman religion Source book and it's the reason why I
love it so much it's just sources put in one place very actually I
shouldn't say that there's a lot of her own her own um you know t uh speaking on
the matters but like major the majority of these she's just giving you the sources I very valuable text but I do I
do think see why Amon has that um there it is yeah that's a good text dude it's a great text oh for sure like Ammon is
right in his criticism when it comes to to to to the her presentation of women it's extraordinarily biased right it's
only focusing on um the working lot of the workingclass women and it's it's it's taking out the problem too when a
lot of these people are talking about Greek society I always go when where which city which time period you're
talking about one of the longest lived empires in human flipping history with dozens of city states spread across the
islands Ania I just thought something to in that Source book she herself talks about how
um oh what the hell is Julia DNA is worst as a goddess in her own time was
the like she she's even bringing up her own she I don't even think she realized it she's bringing up examples of women
being worshiped like Jesus Julia DNA they said that she was Athena incarnate
and she had her own like Temple and everything so like there is an example like I don't know it's in her own text
so I'm just saying right you know what it is is that we don't and this is true we don't see a
lot of material culture that survives that is written by women from a female perspective you know and like like there
is a lot like I wonder I honestly wonder about things like what's going on with the mads I wish we had firstand accounts
from the main ads themselves because so much of this is going to be reactionary men who aren't allowed to participate
under death just making up [__] to try and go after women we see this all the
time so why would it be any different you know you got well you do have the civilist that are women then you have uh
what's her name from Lesbos um safo saf there there's there's women in there I
mean I get what you're saying though it's there could be more it's like sure what I mean is just that there's not a lot of firsthand accounts from women who
are doing the rights that have survived to us right and a lot of the accounts about the women are from men for and and
it's a lot of like reactionary stuff sure sure you know so if I could say one
thing real quick is was Jesus castrated
oh getting his back on top of TS no but no but it's the same topic that's what we're talking about
feminization he didn't have any we're talking about the goddess and and Apostle John the
twins there the the the goddess is always there you can't sanitize the
goddess so these men have to take on the goddess
role so the imagery with at least with with with John the Beloved is so on the
nose he's got the long hair he's got the the clean shaven face he's we he has the cup of snakes and then like it's almost
certain that he's at least a galloy I don't know about Jesus though Emon You' you've brought up a couple sources and I
know we've talked about this because I had mentioned it to you and you were like the sources don't fully confirm but
what do you think yeah I would like to see the description of him when he was castrated
I would love that I would love you know under what circumstances when he was down in Egypt he had all that trust fund
money that the Magi gave him he's they pushed him into the drugs they gave him
both the bases that he needed for all the magic drugs you know he's off there in Egypt and he comes back notice that
he comes back and he doesn't walk in a town like you know he's Henry Caville or
something right he doesn't walk in and take the town um he comes into town and
goes to the teaching centers and there they say oh my God this kid is teaching
like he's oh my God what's and Christians say oh well it's because he's pump full of
the power of God baby and the logos just talks out of them right no um what's I'm
sorry but that's the fairy tale what's much more likely historically is that he was educated in Egypt now the question
is is he if he's getting a Priestly education he may have been a unic how
would we know this if he is using terminology that is Central to what Unix
are going to be encountering and living with them if he's a if we're able to pull out those words and when he uses
certain titles right why is he using this title when he's doing something
that's a little bit too much like the great mother worship right where he's
putting himself in the position of Addis is that why he's with that kid in the end because the kid is the cup and
people don't realize the child is the cup lady Babylon that thing that we that
that word that we use that I never like to use [__] right but I'm quoting what
you know she's called um that way of looking at her is the same eyes that are
looking at the pidis that child prostitute girl that comes up to Peter
and says hey you're one of his boys right um it's the same spirit that
pidis you see it bleeding through so when Jesus is with his boy is there any
way to tell whether or not he's castrated and that's why I say Snappy I don't um I
don't I you're right there is a lot of there is a lot of parallels but you're right I haven't seen direct evidence I
keep thinking of like we talked about this Dion on occult explorers is what's that Jewish figure who goes through the
oracular Mysteries and is cast frustrated what's that what's that text I'm having trouble remembering that's
isn't that Daniel Daniel yeah and and um
and Ash right Jesus is
doing horse's nose yeah what Sor about the nose I missed that sorry horse's nose what
ashpan means that's the UN the the priest he's the prince of the Unix that
helps convert him through a diet it's a special diet has to undergo and he says I don't want to do the diet you know he
don't want to drink the cup they never want to drink the Cup by the way kelus points out that he's from his sources
and he said he I forgot what he says but he says he he cites like Jewish historians living in the time of Jesus
uh saying that he did move to Egypt and then came back educated to want and wanted to prove himself as M the
educated he even says that kelus like why would kelus just make that up you know what I mean
by the way kis is not a late tax that's an early 150 that's early that's to me
that's I'm taking that serious I'm looking at that because he does not it's always good to have a hostile source to
get the truth you want you don't want to just read the Christian Church fathers to hear what they want to say let's look
let's see what the Hostile sources say kelus is early kelus is and he and here's the thing about Kelis he knows a
lot about Christianity why do I know that because he starts naming off all their different names of the sect of
Christians that exist he knows more about Christians than Paul does Paul is not naming off different sects of
Christianity he's just going on on some like trip that he's having like he's just talking about all the [__] like
but celus is like picking this thing apart and say Here's the group of simonian these are the civilist those
are the marianites he knows all about them so if I'm taking what he says serious when he says stuff his father
was probably a Roman soldier named panta and he moved to Egypt and got educated you're talking about paulus AKA Saul Now
imagine when Saul pulls up and he prophesies that's why the method they were
using kidnapping boys to go sell them at the at the ports for double you know
that's a tough that's a tough sell but if I can prophesy and get you to join something for Magical experience take
you on the boat and then sell you and then just come back and get a whole new crew you know because like you said the
slaves in Judea were were twice as much if you get them up to Tyre and you get them up to closer to Turkey then if you
get them to Rome they were triple depends tax report depends on how
good-look they are too right because you know and people don't people don't understand this because you've never
been in a slave market right but there is a difference in quality between
humans you can put a price on it and they know a virgin and this is what the
thians this is why the thians were dealing in The Virgins the highest priced thing you're going to get is a
virgin boy or girl who is just reaching their ripening their complete um
ripeness for adulthood that's the way they looked at it it's for us it's no it's still in your minority right but
for them as soon as you were entering that pubertal capacity then you were you
were ripe for the picking and that's they knew those fetch the highest price in market right those those and the rich
ones a functional unic that that has undergone the surgery
the castration and they didn't die and now they can't get the mrss pregnant the
Mistress of the house and they can function in a feminine and a masculine
capacity and here's the thing too if you get the child young enough and you do the the the the castration young enough
what ends up happening is they don't fully develop they stay youthful they maintain that falsetto voice you know
they wind up they they're they're and if they do it where they're just like they do in the in the GRE Greco Roman style
words just the the testes they're able to have sex they could be sex slaves so
often these Unix were used as sex slaves by high powerered women and men you
know that's the whole story of Cersei right so the whole story she has a whole
room full of drugged men that she has sex with right Isn't that cool I mean
cool in a way like I don't know maybe you want to go there I mean it could things could be worse right they say
that people people um pill p pilgrimage to culus to get the bath of media it was
a it was like she was she invented baptism basically she had this like real
first time they would learn how to like heat up water and use it as a ritual bath they they credit media harus says
media invented that she is so full of drugs she is so full of drugs that you
can give her a liquid bath right with water and that offs scoring that they
wash off of her is considered a medicine whoa It's considered a medicine you can
take it and it will do things to you I mean that you understand the person is
the cup in this Bronze Age religion the person is producing those those
chemicals that are causing you to be able to enter into communion right that's why you you have it that's why it
has to be connected with porna in in Revelation it's a cup of sexual juices
right how are you going to produce sexual juices unless you're having intercourse right and they talk about
the model in the Middle Ages and Michelle writes about this one is the Priestess over the tripod and she is
actually producing that communion into the tripod which is then administered to
the group but we know that her phus that she's using and everybody's shocked
don't be shocked the basket that is the most sacred aspect The Arc of the
Covenant of bakic worship contains a poisonous Serpent and a
dildo whoa yeah you guys you Neil Am I Wrong Am I Wrong about the Bas having
the dildo and the serpent in it no and you know what it parallels what
we see in the Indian stuff with um with with SH Shiva is always the the F the
fallis the the stone pillar or the primordial Pillar of Fire and then the
goddess Shakti is always the serpent that coils the pillar you know or forms the base of the pillar as a lotus flower
but it's either flower or snake it's a lot like the concept of Venus or Aphrodite and and bakus entwined they
call it the Lucifer entwined they give birth to priapus who is a fellis who is
a giant so like what's going on with that it's just a lot you know that's worth
the like And subscribe right there yeah if anything and a comment and a share
that that orphic hymn about protoganist the firstborn it's they calls him calls
him fies and priapus what the hell's going on here so there's a lot of weird
cultic stuff a lot to it too because there's also that mettis right there's the there's the phonies that's masculine
presenting and then there's mettis which is the female presenting but they're but they're both these B gendered
animalistic you know amalgams yeah someone on Twitter um was
like some idiot on Twitter was writing about how in the ancient world they never did any of this modern stuff with
trans and the and I just started throwing sources at them here's plany the Elder talking about uh transform ing
men to women and women to men and he's do they're not disgusted by it they're think this is they're like they this is
breaking this is amazing science they talk about it like they're not like there's the that mentality is modern not
not the actual idea of it the mentality that's so against it is modern you we
like to view things through our lens as Ammon has pointed out numerous numerous times the Greeks have a very Nuance
conception of gender there's not just even three genders there's many genders there's masculine presenting women
there's feminine presenting men you know there's a lot of nuance here right and they're celebrating all of this very
diversity you know intersex people and hermaphrodites are a blessing from God
her apodius was a goddess right like a very exactly and it's the combination of the
two two of the most powerful deities Hermes and a Aphrodite right love and
communication I was talking about someone about this that the idea of having gods that represent different
aspects of of um phenomena and natural history or natural um the natural world
to having a God that represents anybody like you have like whoever you are
whatever you're like whatever you identify as there is a God for you that gives you representation in the world it
makes you feel better about yourself it gives you more power whereas when there's just one God and it's a man with
a beard and he just that that only helps one type of person like think about the
patriarchal society only one person benefits from that you know what I mean like you sound like Socrates you sound
like Socrates Neil right everybody has a personal dime on you know I mean that's
a think about that concept for a minute how revolutionary and how big that is
that you have access to a supernatural force that is in particular sync with
you you this is not an angel assigned to your wellbeing H tote tote right this is
a Dione who very existence is like an invisible counterbalance to yours in
this Dimension exactly I mean that's am talks about this a lot where it gets
into this whole thing like this is the version of you outside of time that has completed all of the cycles and returned
back to the cosmic womb that has gone back to the one and it's here to show
you what you need to learn to go through the cycles of life and death and to guide you so it's like a personal you
that's already the Supreme you know it's such a wild concept and you see this
reflected in many occult traditions because it's so Central you know
absolutely I think it's just physics I think it just comes down to quantum physics and however the universe is that
we can't see but what is behind that black hole and all the balance of the
dark matter and everything and the How the Universe Works TimeWise gravity wise
I people are people uh I don't think you you think about classical magic and you
think um Disney and cartoons and you know miraculous things you don't think
medicine and you don't think gender and you don't think PE um people using drugs
to ENT into a state of communion with the divine right we don't we don't think
in those terms anymore unless I don't know Dion some of us
thinking just saying why not no it's wild right because like you
said you know like we have this cartoon vision so much of magic now has become about greed right it's it's you know all
these people who are you know it's the secret it's it's like you see this I see
this all the time on online people saying I know a magic formula that'll get your ex to come back to you like the
other day on everyone's just focused on that one thing like come on and meanwhile ancient magic is a lot like
psychology 90% of the time I'm reading about what they're doing at the Temple of excus and they're like okay come here
tell us your problems you know literally write it out as poetry go to sleep with
these men with these snakes then tell us about your dreams as well and we're going to have a sit down conversation
about your feelings and the art that you've just made how's it like the psychology it's art Carl Young Carl
Young said that that's ma ancient magic is Psy modern psychology pretty much
right the all of the magic that we see with especially the cult leise of
dionisis and N talks about this who you referenced earlier is all about affirmation of life it's about refirming
this process and re putting yourself onto this path to accept the pain and
the suffering that you have to go through because life is difficult and it is painful but you're stuck here you
know and there's two things that we can do you can stick your head in the sand and pretend and make up a story like the Christians do or you can try at least to
try and figure out what what are you afraid of let's talk about it you know try and face it we the big difference to
me is like the holy mystery is all about experiencing Pan the all in the Greek
side that is the goal who is Satan on the Christian side
pan right the all one is all about acceptance one is all rejection you know
that image becomes everything that is evil when yeah when before it was nature
and that you're part of that nature yeah and if you're not separated from it it's not evil or different it's you are part
of that like we don't like this uncomfortableness right because can also represents the Panic the violence the
filth the excess but this is what it is to be alive you have to deal with those
things all of our societies are defined by how we produ how we deal with excess
how we deal with violence you know how we try to persist you know and it's like
you know our modern society has disconnected ourselves from this you know and we we we try to pretend that
we're above nature rather than a part of it you know Gaia and you know Jordan Peterson always
likes to talk about how uh the uh postmodern Marxist types they worship
Gia well yeah we that's Gaia this is our planet why not why would why is that you
talk you just said it like that was some sort of own that's not an own like what
of course you have to treat Gaia well we live on Gaia you know yeah that's for
sure right there but you hear a lot of these like fascists like who and a lot
of these extremists who like there's a hatred that you see for the modern natural world right like I was listening
to some Elon Musk and he literally talks about how no nature needs to be conquered and made subservient and we
need to conquer the stars and and and and and everything has to be put under our [__] thumb you know and it's like
hubris the the the sheer hubris you know you know what that is he's a space
pirate y there you go you know well we're getting to the 2hour mark right here got
to cut it sorry no I'm I'm having fun I'm glad that joined up that was quick
to uh explore these saturnian Mysteries right here huh people wonder what the
satanic all about that's per that's perfect Dion you
couldn't have ended it better by saying EXA he's a pirate yeah when you think about it my God man it's almost like
humanity is a struggle between two different directions and you can see the
monad direction and you can see the free civilization direction and you know they
were yelling about let's not make it stop pirate Elon Musk Elon Musk you're a pirate space
pirate Donald Trump you're a pirate too you see these it's it's we're fighting
against these people who want to create their own narratives and put us as the secondary characters in their story you
know that's what we're fighting against the the Christians are doing it these these Great Men great men are doing it
and we need to rebel against that and return back to a natural reasoned approach you know not Bel believing in
fairy tales and [__] making up mythologies about people you know they
said the wi saying to cut the myth they said the wisest the wisest
prophet in Antiquity tyresius was um wise because he was a able to be both
male and female he got turned into a female at a certain time lived for a certain number of years and then got
turned back into a male and so he had that perspective of being both they said
he was the one in all of all Mortals who would see once he was in the Underworld
he still saw because the shades don't see they're blind right but tyresius
sees why because he's been both male and female imagine if it was a virtue if you
say this to an Evangelical it burns their soul right um it's actually a
virtue to understand both feminine and masculine and the person who does is a
step ahead of everyone else makes sense amazing on that note guys like
Dean had said earlier like And subscribe please make sure you go and check out
Neil at Gnostic informant and Ammon over at lady Babylon 666 they're both doing
amazing work Neil just did a two-hour video on dianis talking extensively on a
lot of the themes we just referenced here Ammon has been talking about this stuff since day one and his last video
going over Lucian is some of the most provocative stuff he's ever brought up so please go check out their content and
uh any last words guys let's start with Neil wellow I just thought that was a great conversation I I didn't know it
went by that fast I thought it was only like 45 minutes in um love it yeah the only thing I would say is
uh keep I I mean just talking to everyone and in the chat as well yeah
just uh Stay Stay curious that's all love it you Ammon yeah I say thanks
for having me and um I think the presentation that Dion gave was um about
20 years ahead of the game and um I think it should be taken very seriously
and what you guys are doing is bringing that material evidence back to people
you're functioning as the museum so thank you for allowing us you know by us
I mean me because I'm not Neil but thank you for letting me participate and and
Neil's pretty cool too but I want everybody to notice that my name came first
and Dion you got any last words for us oh well this adventure started through me watching uh Gnostic then I saw almond
on there ended up at the Discord with y'all uh beautiful people I'd like to say this message is for Evangelical
Christians and our Christian brothers that are watching if you believe in unconditional love then you shouldn't be upset it shouldn't matter right
shouldn't matter you you already have something special it shouldn't matter be no negative energy towards us and if you
are Christian and and really want to know about Jesus then you should be curious you should be watching this you
want to know like us that searches for this you know that's all I got to say keep
searching I love it well thank you guys so much for spending your time with us and thank you everyone in the chat for
tuning in you know this has been the 33rd episode of ult explorers you know we're so happy to bring you this show so
please keep supporting us you know have links below to support us on patreon or to support us on coffee so thanks again
and always come join the Discord we have ongoing conversations that continue on the Discord we're actually doing a movie
night tonight where we're going to be watching salam's Last Dance which is all
about um salame by Oscar wild and as we know salame is one of the central figures in this whole Jesus mystery
she's the one who gets John the Baptist decapitated she's the one who does her magic dance and also what's going on
with Mary salame who we mentioned in this episode is that a cult title why does she have salame in her name she's a
rich boat pirate lady with with the sons of thunder so come join us on Discord
where we watch that movie tonight 8m Eastern and thanks again everyone uh Peace Love hail Satan hail Satan hail
Satan good night everyone